hi everyone its Muriel hey I'm here to
show you the birthday card I just
completed as I mentioned to you I'm
going to a birthday party for a
one-year-old and the card I used the
paper pad hip-hip-hooray by American
crafts very youthful fun love the
vibrant colors and I used some zippers I
made my dragonfly from the tutorial by
Maya Road and I used some washi tape
three different kinds so now before I
show you the car which is inside this
bag I want to show you this bag because
I'm giving the boy a card with some
money too baby
a card with money but because the card
is in classic you know and everyone can
see it I want to kind of create an
element of surprise so I created this
bag over a year ago and I watched a
tutorial by Bona
live love scrap she had a she has a
tutorial outfit gift bag video so I just
went on to her channel and I probably
went through 7 no 11 you know
screams flowing through her videos to
try to find the gift bag video and it
was her 8th video she ever made so I
went all the way back to the beginning
got four years ago but it's called gift
bag video I'm going to put a link to it
down below and it is so cute of course
you want double side paper and like I
said at the time that I made this gift
bag I was creating a mini album for a
newborn so as I was watching her video I
had extra paper I just used that paper
to make this book bag so it does look
like newborn or baby shower bag but I
don't know one other time I'm going to
be able to use it the babies that in my
office that are being born one is due
next month we've already had the shower
and the other one is too far early to
have shower so go check it out it's
really cute you know just some eyelet
some ribbon and some double-sided paper
and you have a sturdy sturdy bag
so my card is in here and I'll go ahead
and take it out so I can show you what I
did
I've used this I've made this card once
before actually made it for his sister
when she turned six years old and I got
the idea from a card on on Pinterest
it's that whole money card so I used
five dollar bills I think they look
really cute and I used the paper pad I
cut off a piece of the paper that had
all these sayings on it you know
happy birthday surprise party time
yippee and so forth so I use it as a
title I use the bingo chip which I am
notorious for and this family knows that
every card that I give them has a bingo
chip with the year of their birth and I
just cut out three different pages from
the collection I inked them with some
walnut stain just to make them pop and
then I created this dragonfly using the
Maya Rose a tutorial and green red and
white for the body and then that is a
cute little birthday cake charm with
three candles on it and then there's the
five dollar bill with the washi tape
rolled at the bottom with some jute
twine and then there are three little
twine to read and one grain sticking out
and I put some stickers on them on and
off you can kind of see them so that
they would reps with replicape flames so
and then when you open it up I did
something different I use some paper but
I found this journaling tag in my stash
and it's called the story of today so I
just kind of circled the day the date
the place is your home and then I put a
favorite moment I wrote what I thought
the famous well I know what the famous
the favorite moment will be when you
open up the door and he's right there
he's adorable and then I just put
something that he will be able to read
as he gets older and for the rest of his
life and I know this will cause tears to
flow down his mother
eyes and that's the whole point and then
on the back I use one of those
journaling tags and I just made a said
handmade by Koopa with the lashes so
that is the card if you have not go to
Pinterest and put in birthday birthday
card boy I think is under and oh you've
probably seen this before but I love
making this with the dollar bills so my
daughter tells me when she turns 18 she
wants three $100 bills and I said yeah
sure
ha ha what's college tuition coming up
yeah okay so that's my card thank you so
much for watching and we're going to I'm
don't forget to visit bonus video gift
bag tutorial it's soul slipping cute and
you know you can just have a bunch of
these ready I had made to I over to use
one from now getting ready to use the
second one even though it's a year later
still still in it and it held up I've
had it hanging in the closet so so
everyone have a good afternoon I'm
clinical to the party and I'll talk to
you beginning of the week bye now